bye this is Margot on behalf of Auto
Expo calm today I'm going to prepare
kofta soup with Ludo to print this
recipe visit how to export count the
ingredients for the cook time is the
same as I prepared for the cynical time
and the stuffing is also the same as I
prepared for silikov now I will
demonstrate how to make around kofta
stuffed with ground beef stuffing
you just put the stuffing in the opening
and close it like this after it is still
with your finger and round it
you just make the opening like this
stuff it with the meat with your finger
close the opening
after you seal it roll it between your
palms
once more
I used 2 cups of number one world war
for this Copa and one pound of extra
lean meat and it gave 48 pieces of Costa
decides and considering this is under
$10 and can feed six people easy at
least six people now we are going to
boil this in turn and make our soup for
that we need black pepper salt and three
tablespoons chicken boo-yan so let's go
and prepare the soup now for the soup
you can use chicken broth or beef broth
today I am going to use three
tablespoons of chicken bullion ground
half a teaspoon of black pepper salt to
season and let it boil before you put
the cooked us in you can taste the broth
to adjust the seasoning and also we need
noodles this is my choice of noodles for
this soup you can use any type of
noodles you prefer as much as whether
you put the soup will be thicker we will
use the Lueders the last let the water
boil before you put the koftas in it the
broth is boiling ready to receive the
cocktails put the filters one by one in
the boiling water as you see the
boosters are sinking to the bottom when
they are cooked they will rise to the
surface you can always pick one up pack
it and see if the koftas are cold the
stuffing is already fully cooked
let it cook for about 10 to 15 minutes
it took 10 minutes for the koftas to be
hooked they are cooked now break the
noodles in your palm like this and throw
it on the koftas
push it down and let the noodles cook
for about 2 or 3 minutes the noodles are
cooked and the soup is ready to be
served
sprinkle some black pepper on this roof
I hope you try this recipe on my left
see you next time
to print this recipe visit how to export
calm